Amulet of Atunement  
This large, golden amulet features a central cabochon that changes colour  
depending upon the wearer and their connection to the mystical arts. This item  
may only be used by a spellcaster. When a figure wearing this item successfully  
casts a spell from its school of magic, it immediately gains back 1 point of lost  
Health. However, if the figure rolls a natural ‘1’ while casting any spell, they  
suffer 1 point of damage and the amulet ceases to work for the rest of the  
game.  
Arrow of Splitflight  
When this magical piece of ammunition is found or purchased, the player may  
decide if it is an arrow or crossbow bolt, but once the decision is made, it is  
fixed. When fired, this arrow splits into two, with both parts streaking towards  
the same target. A figure using this arrow suffers a \-1 to its shooting attack.  
However, it makes two shooting attacks against the target. Both attacks are  
rolled separately by both figures and the results of both applied. This  
ammunition is recovered after the game.  
83  
Bag of Rat’s Teeth  
This rather ordinary looking bag contains scores of rotten yellow rat’s teeth.  
The first time each day that a tooth is drawn from the bag, thrown, and the  
command word spoken, the tooth usually transforms into a giant rat. Once per  
game, a figure carrying the bag of rat’s teeth may spend an action to throw a  
tooth anywhere within 6”. The figure should then roll a die. On a 6+ place a  
giant rat on the spot where the tooth was thrown (wizards gain \+2 to this roll,  
apprentices \+1). If the roll is failed, nothing happens, and the action is lost. A  
rat can be thrown straight into combat with another figure. The giant rats  
generated by the bag are uncontrolled creatures and Vontade activate in the next  
Creature Phase following the normal rules.  
Barbarian’s Cloak  
This filthy-looking wolf-pelt cloak offers powerful magical protection. When  
it is worn by a figure that is not wearing any other armour, or carrying a shield,  
the figure receives \+3 Fight when making rolls against shooting attacks.  
Unfortunately, this shielding magic also interferes with spellcasting. All figures  
suffer \-1 to all Casting Rolls while wearing this cloak.  
84  
Bat-eye Brooch  
This is a small silver brooch in the form of a bat’s head with a pair of garnets  
for eyes. A figure wearing the bat-eye brooch never suffers any penalties due  
to darkness, such as limitations or reductions on line of sight or stat penalties.  
Additionally, the figure is immune to any spells or effects that cause blindness  
such as the Blinding Light spell.  
Cloak of Many Vials  
This cloak has numerous tiny pockets each containing a small vial. Strangely,  
when a vial is drawn, the pocket itself vanishes, so that the vial cannot be  
replace. When found, this cloak counts as holding the following potions: Bottle  
of Burrowing, Bottle of Darkness, Cordial of Clearsight, Elixir of the  
Chameleon, Philtre of Fairy Dust, Potion of Healing, and Potion of Preservation.  
A figure wearing this cloak may spend an action to drink any of these potions  
or to give it to a member of its warband that is standing within 1”. Each potion  
is one-use and should be crossed off the cloak once consumed. Each potion  
consumed decreases the sale price of the cloak by 100 coroas.  
Crystal Sphere  
These perfect glass orbs sometimes contain a streak of colour running through  
the centre. Although they look like fancy decorations, they are actually focusing  
devices for casting spells from the Soothsayer school and can only be used by  
a spellcaster that knows at least one Soothsayer spell. A newly found or  
purchased crystal sphere contains 6 points of power that can only be applied  
when casting or resisting Soothsayer spells. Once the power points have been  
expended, the sphere is of no further use other than as a decoration. If a crystal  
sphere is sold, its selling price is equal to 20 coroas times the number of points of  
power remaining.  
Cold Iron Armour  
This jet-black, magic heavy armour has been made specifically to combat  
demons. All demons that are in contact (or combat) with a figure wearing this  
armour suffer \-2 Fight. Additionally, all demons with a Vontade stat of \+4 or lower  
Vontade ignore this figure for the purposes of determining their actions.  
85  
Dust of Vanishment  
Held inside a small, blue velvet pouch, this fine grey dust seems unremarkable.  
A figure carrying this pouch may throw the dust into the air as a free action  
during its activation. When done, this figure and every figure within 3” is  
treated as under the effects of an Invisibility spell. However, the effect only  
lasts until the end of each figure’s activation. So, for the figure that used the  
dust, the effect Vontade end at the end of the same activation in which it used the  
dust. Once used, the dust is expended and should be crossed off the Wizard  
Sheet. When found or purchased, two pouches of dust are obtained. Each  
pouch counts as a separate item. If sold individually, each pouch has a sale  
price of 75 coroas.  
T he Duellist’s Net  
This item looks like a small, normal net. When a figure carrying this net is in  
combat, it may activate the net as a free action at any time (including  
interrupting another figure’s activation). Once activated, the activating figure  
must pick one other figure it is in combat with. While the net is active, no  
other figures may attack either of these figures, nor lend either figure support.  
Essentially, these two figures may only attack one another.  
Additionally, when either figure wins a round of combat, it may not step  
back or push its opponent back. Instead, if the winning figure dealt damage, it  
may choose to sacrifice that damage to break the net instead. Otherwise, the  
two figures remain in combat – neither is allowed to step back or push back  
while the net is active.  
If either figure is reduced to 0 Health, or one figure moves out of combat  
due to magic or a special effect, the net is broken. The broken net is repaired  
by the start of the next game.  
Flail Tail  
This odd magical weapon is a small, spiked ball on the end of a chain designed  
to be affixed to the bottom of the hilt or handle of another weapon, including  
magic weapons. It can be added to either a hand weapon or two-handed  
weapon. Once affixed, the weapon does \+1 damage and counts a magic. This  
damage stacks with other damage bonuses the weapon might already possess.  
However, if the wielder ever rolls a natural ‘1’ in combat, the wielder  
immediately takes 2 points of damage, plus whatever they take for losing the  
combat.  
86  
Gem of Darklight  
This large gemstone is completely black but somehow glows with a soft purple  
light. Once per game, a figure carrying this gem may spend an action to use it.  
All uncontrolled creatures in line of sight must make a Vontade Roll (TN22) or  
immediately move 6” directly away from this figure. This may move creatures  
out of combat. A creature cannot move into combat during this move. It Vontade  
do everything it can to move around other figures, but other figures may force  
combat with it.  
Golden Scroll Sheet  
This is a paper-thin sheet of gold, wound into a small scroll. It is only useful to  
spellcasters that can cast spells from the Thamaturge school. A figure carrying  
this sheet may attempt to cast any Thamaturge spell they know. If successful,  
they may imprint the spell onto the scroll, instead of its normal effects. At any  
later point in the same game, the figure may use this scroll as a free action  
during their activation. The spell imprinted on the scroll is immediately cast  
with a Casting Roll of 14 (regardless of the original Casting Roll). The spell  
must still have a legal target as normal. The sheet does not work for Out of  
Game spells. Once the imprinted spell is cast, the scroll is destroyed and should  
be crossed off the Wizard Sheet.  
When found or purchased, two golden scroll sheets are found. Each sheet  
counts as a separate item. If sold individually, each sheet has a sell price of  
75 coroas.  
88  
Holy Candle  
This rune-marked candle rests on a small golden plate, with a wooden handle  
below it. Once lit, it is nearly impossible to extinguish unless using the attached  
snuffer. This item can only be carried by a figure that is not carrying a shield,  
two-handed weapon, bow, or crossbow. This figure, and all figures within 2” of  
it, receive \+1 Fight and \+1 Armour when fighting against undead. Additionally,  
all their attacks count as a magic attack.  
Iridescent Pendant  
This pendant consists of a large oval of mother-of-pearl held in delicately  
worked gold leaf. Once per game, the bearer of this pendant may spend an  
action to cast the Suggestion spell at a target within line of sight. The figure  
does not have to be a spellcaster, and the spell is automatically successful with  
a Casting Roll of 14\. The target of the spell may make a Vontade Roll to resist the  
spell as normal.  
Lifesurge Pendant  
This electrum pendant is crafted into the shape of a phoenix in flight. If a  
figure wearing this pendant rolls a natural ‘20’ on any Stat Roll, Combat Roll,  
or Casting Roll, they may choose to activate this pendant. If the pendant is  
activated, the figure is restored to their full Health and the pendant is destroyed.  
89  
Murderer’s Blade  
This ugly weapon features a saw-toothed blade and no point. When found or  
purchased, the player may decide if the weapon is a hand weapon or two-  
handed weapon; however, once the choice is made, it is fixed and cannot be  
changed. This magic weapon does \+1 damage. Additionally, any figure that  
suffers damage from this weapon must make a Vontade Roll (TN14) the next time  
it activates. If it fails, it suffers an additional 2 points of damage due to bleeding.  
If it succeeds, it is immune to this effect for the rest of the game. Undead and  
constructs are immune to this additional damage.  
Ring of Focus  
Once per game, a figure wearing this ring may add \+1 to any die roll it is called  
upon to make. This bonus stacks with all other bonuses the figure receives to  
the roll. The decision to use this ability must be made before the die is rolled.  
Skeleton Sack  
This normal-looking sack contains a complete set of enchanted bones. A figure  
carrying this sack may spend an action to throw the sack anywhere within 6”.  
Immediately place a skeleton at that point. This can place the skeleton directly  
into combat. This skeleton is an uncontrolled creature and Vontade activate in the  
Creature Phase as normal. Once used, the sack is expended and is crossed off  
the Wizard Sheet. When found or purchased, a player obtains two of these  
sacks. Each counts a separate item and can be carried by different figures.  
When sold, each single sack has a sell price of 100 coroas.  
Staff of Wilful Ignorance  
This highly polished wooden staff is inscribed with simple letters in the  
common alphabet. At first glance, it appears more like a teaching aid than a  
magical item. This magic staff only functions in the hands of a spellcaster.  
Whenever a figure holding this staff is the target of a magical spell that requires  
a Vontade Roll to resist, the figure can use the staff to automatically resist the spell.  
This decision must be made before the Vontade Roll is made. If the staff is used in  
this fashion, the spellcaster must randomly select one spell it knows. This spell  
cannot be used for the rest of this game, after the game, or before the next  
game. It only returns at the start of the next game.

Balancing Staff  
This magic staff grants the user \+8 on all Move Stat Rolls.  
Dancing Dag ger  
This magical dagger does \+1 damage. In addition, it may be carried by a soldier  
that does not carry a dagger as part of their standard equipment. In this case, the  
dagger does not take up the soldier’s 1 item slot.  
Demonic Vessel  
Demonic vessels come in a variety of forms, generally small caskets, chests, metal  
pots, or lamps. A figure with a demonic vessel may spend an action to activate  
the item. Mark the position of the vessel on the table. For the rest of the game,  
any time a demon activates or moves within 3” of the vessel, it must make a Vontade  
Roll (TN14). If the demon fails, it is imprisoned in the vessel. Treat it as killed  
for scenario purposes. A demon must only make this Vontade Roll once per turn.  
As soon as a demon is trapped within the vessel, remove the vessel from the  
table. It is destroyed for game purposes. A vessel may not be picked up or moved  
during a scenario. If the scenario ends without a demon having been imprisoned  
in the vessel, the vessel is returned to its original owner.  
67  
As an optional rule, if all the players agree, a demonic vessel that captures a  
demon is returned to its original owner. A figure may carry this item in later  
games and may spend an action to release the captured demon, placing it within  
2”. The demon is treated as an uncontrolled creature. The demonic vessel is  
destroyed upon the demon’s release.  
Devouring Skull Ring  
This magic ring features a large, platinum, screaming skull. A figure wearing this  
ring suffers no damage whenever it successfully casts the Spelleater spell.  
Falconeye Mask  
A figure wearing this mask does \+1 damage when making a bow, crossbow, or  
javelin attack. However, they suffer a \-3 penalty to their Combat Roll when  
rolling against any kind of shooting attack.  
Firefairy  
This one-use magic item can only be used by a spellcaster. If a figure carrying the  
firefairy is in line of sight of another figure that attempts to use a scroll (for any  
purpose) the carrier may immediately release the firefairy. The scroll the other  
figure was attempting to use is immediately destroyed and whatever spell the  
figure was attempting to cast with the scroll fails and their action is lost. The  
firefairy is destroyed upon use.  
Living Quill  
If the figure carrying this magic item successfully casts the Furious Quill spell,  
they can choose to activate this item instead of using the spell’s normal effects.  
Activating this item follows all the rules for the Animate Skull spell (see  
Frostgrave, page 112). The living quill has the same stats as an animated skull  
except that it replaces the ‘Undead’ attribute with the ‘Construct’ attribute.  
The caster may only use this item once per game. If the living quill is reduced  
to 0 Health during the game, then roll a die after the game. On 1–2 the living  
quill is destroyed and should be removed from the Wizard Sheet. On any other  
result, the living quill is fine and can be used again next game.  
The fountain contained a huge pile of gold and silver coins just under the water. It also  
contained a worrying number of finger bones…  
68  
Magic Dog Whistle  
An apprentice or wizard who carries this whistle may activate one warhound or  
wolf that is part of their warband during the appropriate phase, as long as that  
warhound is within 12” (it doesn’t have to be within line of sight or the normal  
range of 3”). Wizards and apprentices may still only activate a maximum of three  
other figures during their phase.  
If this magic whistle is carried by a soldier, they may ‘group activate’ with one  
warhound or wolf that is part of the warband (so that both figures may move  
first and then take their second actions). Warhounds and wolves may still only  
activate once in a turn.  
Misticene Quiver  
All bow or crossbow attacks made by a figure carrying this quiver count as magic  
attacks. However, if the figure ever rolls a natural 1 on a shooting attack, then it  
has run out of ammunition and they may not use the quiver to shoot their bow  
or crossbow again that game. They may still fire other ammunition, such as a  
specific magic arrow or crossbow bolt, or use another quiver if they have one.  
69  
Obliteration Orb  
Once per game, a spellcaster carrying this orb may cast the Destructive Sphere  
spell while in combat. If the caster rolls a natural 1 on their casting roll when  
using the obliteration orb, then the caster immediately suffers a \+5 elemental  
magic attack and the orb is destroyed. The spellcaster using the orb never suffers  
an attack from it.  
Any time between games, a wizard can pay 300 coroas to have this orb affixed to  
a staff (magic or otherwise). In this case, it no longer takes up an item slot.  
However, if the orb is ever destroyed, the staff to which it is affixed is also  
destroyed.  
Planebreaker Hammer  
When this magic weapon is found or purchased, the player may decide if it is a  
hand weapon or two-handed weapon. Either way, the weapon does \+1 damage.  
When wielded against a demon, the wielder also gains \+1 Fight. If a demon takes  
any damage from this weapon it must make an immediate Vontade Roll (TN6) with  
a penalty equal to the damage taken (so \-4 to the Vontade Roll if the demon took 4  
points of damage). If it succeeds, there is no additional effect. If it fails, it is  
immediately banished back to its home plane. Remove it from the table as  
though it had been reduced to 0 Health. Demons with a Vontade stat of \+10 or  
higher do not need to make this Vontade Roll as they succeed automatically.  
Ring of Foresight  
This ring may only be worn by a spellcaster. Once per scenario, if the wearer of  
this ring is on the table, a player may add \+8 to their Initiative Roll. This bonus  
only affects the comparison between this player’s roll and the rolls of other  
players, it should not be taken into account when determining special events that  
are triggered due to an initiative roll for a specific scenario.  
Ring of Recall  
This magic ring features a large ruby that seems to glow faintly with its own  
inner light. A figure wearing this ring may use it at any time by spending an  
action. They may even use it while in combat, despite the normal prohibition  
against using items in combat. When used, the figure is immediately removed  
from the table. It is out of the game but does not have to make a Survival Roll  
after the game. Any treasure tokens carried by the figure are dropped at the point  
the figure left the table. After the ring is used, roll a die. On 16+ the ring is  
destroyed.  
70  
Ring Sabre  
This is a magic \+1 Fight hand weapon that has a special place in the hilt or  
pommel where a magic ring can be inserted. This allows a figure to carry a  
second magic ring (allowing them to ignore the usual prohibition of carrying two  
types of the same magic item). Both the sabre and the ring still take up item slots  
as normal.  
Shield of the Paladin  
A figure carrying this shield gains \+2 on Vontade Rolls to resist spells or to break free  
from a spell. In addition, whenever this figure is the target of a spell other than  
a spell that generates a shooting attack, it immediately gains back 1 point of lost  
Health.  
Shielding Pendant  
A spellcaster may cast Elemental Shield on a figure wearing this pendant, even  
though the spell is normally ‘Self Only’. The figure wearing the pendant must be  
within 12” and line of sight of the spellcaster when the spell is cast.  
Spitfire Wand  
This magic wand can only be used by a spellcaster. A figure carrying this wand  
may use it to make a \+1 elemental magic shooting attack up to a range of 16”.  
Additionally, a figure carrying this wand counts as having Elemental Resistance  
(1).  
Staff of Radiance  
This magic staff does \+1 damage. In addition, if the figure carrying the staff casts  
Destroy Undead, they may target 2 undead creatures, provided those creatures  
are within 3” of each other. Otherwise, follow the normal rules for the spell.  
It looked just like a normal puddle, but when you looked into it, instead of your face, you  
saw your mother’s face looking back at you…  
71  
Two-Headed Wand  
This strange, forked, magic wand allows a figure to cast the Transpose spell on  
two figures that are within line of sight of the caster and 16” of one another.  
Winged Bracelet  
If a figure wearing this Bracelet casts the Summon Demon spell, and gains an  
Imp, that imp gains the ‘Flying’ attribute.

ARMOUR OF ELEMENTAL ABSORPTION  
This suit of magic mail armour is especially effective against elemental magic. Any time  
the figure wearing this armour is hit by an elemental magic attack, it ignores the first  
three points of damage it would have otherwise taken. Elemental magic attacks include  
all attacks generated from spells in the Elementalist school and anything else  
specifically labelled as such.  
ARMOUR OF RIGHTEOUSNESS  
This magic mail armour may be worn only by spellcasters from the Thaumaturge  
school. A spellcaster wearing this armour receives \+2 to his Armour, but may not cast  
any spells or use scrolls from the Necromancer, Elementalist, or Summoner schools.  
BEAR ARMOUR  
This non-magic suit of armour may only be worn by a bear, and may be given to a bear  
Animal Companion. This is an exception to the normal rule that these animals may not  
carry items. While wearing this armour, the bear receives \+2 Armour and \-1  
Movement.  
BOOK OF THE BEASTCRAFTER  
This heavy tome contains the instructions necessary to create the Elixir of the  
Beastcrafter using the Brew Potion spell. A wizard must have this tome in his vault in  
order to create the elixir.  
BOOK OF THE BONE BINDER  
This necromantic volume teaches the secrets of creating more resilient undead. If a  
wizard possessing this book succeeds with an Out of Game casting of the Raise Zombie  
spell, the undead creature created is permanent and Vontade stay with the warband until it  
is destroyed (reaches 0 Health). This creature does not count against the normal  
warband limit, although the warband is still limited to one creature created by this  
spell at a time.  
…We thought we had hit the motherlode – gold coins as far as the eye could see. But when we  
went to pick them up, they all sprouted little legs and scampered off through the cracks in the  
walls…  
BOTTLE OF TIME  
This magic elixir temporarily speeds up the drinker. If a figure spends an action to  
drink this elixir, it may then take two additional actions during this activation. One  
action in the activation must still be movement, but the other can be any of the  
player’s choosing. This is a one-use item and is destroyed after use. A figure may only  
ever use one Bottle of Time per game.  
CIRCLET OF THE TIME WALKER  
This magic circlet captures and stretches the energy produced by Chronomancy. A  
spellcaster who casts Time Walk while wearing this item, immediately gains one extra  
action in the current activation. If a spellcaster wearing the Circlet rolls a 1 or 2 while  
casting Time Walk, the item is destroyed.  
FLUTE OF FLEETING IMAGES  
This magic musical instrument grants \+1 when casting Illusionary Soldier. A spellcaster  
does not have to carry the Flute to gain this bonus – it can be stored in the vault.  
GLOVES OF RUNECASTING  
A spellcaster who casts Explosive Rune while wearing these magic gloves may place the  
explosive rune anywhere within 3” and line of sight.  
IRON COLLAR  
This magic collar may be given to either a warhound or a wolf Animal Companion.  
This is an exception to the normal rule that these animals may not carry items. While  
wearing the Iron Collar, the animal gains \+2 Fight, \+2 Armour, and \+1 Vontade. Only one  
Iron Collar may be worn by an animal at any time.  
MIRROR OF FORESIGHT  
A wizard must have established a base to use this magic item. The wizard does not  
have to carry this item to use it – it can be stored in his vault. This magic mirror allows  
a wizard who knows the Awareness spell to cast it Out of Game. The wizard may  
attempt the spell immediately before a game – if successful, he starts the game with  
Awareness already active.  
…He put on the helmet, closed the visor, and fought the rest of the battle like some kind of ancient  
hero. Then, after the last of them ran away, he just dropped dead. When we finally got the helmet  
off him, there was nothing inside...  
SCROLL OF NIGHTMARE  
This scroll contains the Nightmare spell from the extinct Spiritualist school of magic  
(see here).  
SEEING STONE  
This magic gemstone is usually worked into a piece of jewellery. If a spellcaster casts  
Awareness while wearing this stone, he gains \+3 to his initiative rolls for the rest of the  
game (instead of the usual \+1). This can be combined with the Mirror of Foresight.  
SPECTRAL BLADE  
When a figure wields this magic hand weapon, it treats all opponents not wearing  
magic armour as Armour 10\. Opponents wearing magic armour use their normal  
Armour stat.  
STAFF OF DEFENCE  
This magic staff provides a \-2 damage modifier to enemy’s attacks in hand-to-hand  
combat.  
THUNDERSTRIKE JAVELIN  
This magic javelin may only be used by a Javelineer. It is carried in addition to her  
normal supply of javelins. Once per game, the wielder of the Thunderstrike Javelin  
may make one javelin attack with either \+3 Shoot or \+3 Fight.  
WAND OF MENDING  
A spellcaster who is carrying this wand and knows the Heal spell may cast Heal as a  
Line of Sight spell with a range of 12”.

AMULET OF CONSTANCY  
The wearer of this magic amulet is immune to the Decaying Touch and Time Decay  
demonic attributes, and any weapon he carries is immune to the Decay spell.  
Additionally, the wearer receives a \+1 to all attempts to resist Petrify and Slow spells.  
However, if this amulet is worn by either a wizard or an apprentice, the wizard  
receives \-10 to his experience reward at the end of the game (to a minimum of 0). If  
the amulet is worn by a captain he receives \-5 to his experience award at the end of the  
game (to a minimum of 0).  
It was a beautiful sword, light, sharp as anything, but it just kept dripping blood…  
AMULET OF THE STONE HEART  
This magic amulet can be worn by any figure that can carry an item. A figure wearing  
this amulet never counts as Wounded and is immune to effect of poison, but may not  
cast spells. If a figure wearing this amulet is reduced to 0 Health, it suffers a \-1 to its  
post-game survival roll.  
ARROW OF DEMON SLAYING  
When this arrow successfully hits a demon, it does 5 points of elemental magic damage  
in addition to any damage the hit would normally cause. Note this damage is applied  
even if the hit itself causes no damage.  
ARROW OF PIERCING  
This arrow is capable of shooting straight through several opponents. If the shooter can  
draw a straight line from himself over multiple enemy figures, none of whom are in full  
cover, he may use the arrow to make a single shooting attack against all of them (up to  
a maximum of three targets). Figures being shot at do not gain the benefit of cover  
provided by another figure, but they do receive bonuses for all other cover or objects in  
the way. Each attack is made independently and the results of one have no bearing on  
any of the others.  
BLADE OF FEASTING  
This magic hand weapon grants the user \+2 Fight when fighting demons. Additionally,  
if the sword causes damage to a demon during a game, the wielder receives \+1 to his  
Casting Roll if he attempts to cast Summon Demon Out of Game. This effect only  
applies to the Out of Game sequence that occurs directly after the game in which the  
sword damaged a demon. The blade also includes the True Name of the demon lord,  
Tiszirain. The sword can be sold for 300 coroas. It cannot be purchased.  
CROSSBOW OF FORCE  
Any figure that is hit by the Crossbow of Force is pushed back 1”, even if that hit  
causes no damage.  
EXECUTIONER’S BLADE  
The wielder of this magic two-handed weapon immediately gains an extra action  
whenever he rolls a natural 20 on an attack roll during his activation.  
GIANT SLAYER BLADE  
This magic two-handed weapon gives the bearer a \+2 Fight whenever he is fighting a  
creature with the ‘Large’ attribute.  
GOLEM FLESH  
This magic lump of clay can be used by a spellcaster after he successfully casts  
Animate Construct. The spellcaster may choose to permanently increase the  
construct’s Move, Fight, or Armour by \+1. This item is destroyed after it is used. Only  
one Golem Flesh can ever be used on a single construct.  
NULL BLADE  
If this magic hand weapon does at least 1 point of damage, it also cancels any ongoing  
spell effects on the figure it damaged.  
PIERCING STILETTO  
If a figure fights with this magic dagger, and is not using a hand weapon at the same  
time, treat all opponents, except those with the Large attribute, as having an Armour of  
10\.  
RING OF FOCUS  
This magic ring may only be worn by a spellcaster. In any activation where the  
spellcaster has two or more actions, it may spend all of its available actions to attempt  
one spell with \+1 to the Casting Roll.  
RING OF RESTORATION  
This small silver ring may only be worn by a spellcaster. If a spellcaster wearing this  
ring completes his activation without attempting to cast a spell, he regains 2 lost  
Health. This may not take a figure above its starting Health.  
RING OF TRANSFERENCE  
A spellcaster wearing this ring may use an action to transfer his Health to a member of  
the same warband within 6” and in line of sight. For every 1 Health lost by the wizard,  
the warband member regains 1 Health. This may not take the spellcaster below 1  
Health, nor the warband member above its starting Health. Otherwise, there are no  
limits to how much Health can be transferred.  
ROBES OF FAITH  
Once per game, when the wearer has been hit by an attack, he may declare he is using  
this item. For that attack, treat the wearer’s Armour stat as equal to 10 \+ his Vontade stat.  
(e.g. a wizard with a \+5 Vontade and Armour 10 would have Armour 15 against one  
attack).  
SHROUD OF FORESIGHT  
This delicate head covering can only be used by a wizard. If a wizard is on the table  
and wearing this item when his player rolls a natural 20 for initiative, the wizard gains  
an extra action (to a maximum of 3\) in the coming turn.  
SILVER STAR PENDANT  
A spellcaster who wears this magic pendant regains 2 lost points of Health whenever he  
rolls a natural 20 on a Casting Roll. This may not take a figure above its starting  
Health.  
SMOKE BOMB  
This non-magic clay pot contains a number of internal chambers holding different  
noxious materials. When the pot is shattered, the materials mix together, causing a  
violent reaction that produces a thick cloud of black smoke. A figure may use the  
smoke bomb to create a 3”-diameter smoke cloud anywhere within 6”. The cloud  
causes no damage, and figures can move through it safely, but it blocks all line of sight.  
No-one can draw line of sight to a figure inside the cloud. Figures inside the cloud have  
their maximum line of sight reduced to 3”. At the end of each turn, roll a die – on 19–  
20 it dissipates and is removed. This is a one-use item.  
That shelf must have held more than a hundred jars, each one containing a single eye. Big eyes,  
little eyes, eyes without pupils…  
SOULSEEKER ARROW  
This is a \+2 magic arrow. When the target of the Soulseeker Arrow rolls against this  
attack, it should add its Vontade to the roll instead of its Fight. Additionally, if the target of  
the arrow has an Armour greater than 12, treat its Armour as 12 for the purpose of this  
attack.  
SOUL SHIELD PENDANT  
This pendant may only be worn by a wizard. If the wizard is reduced to 0 Health, he  
may instead discard this magic item to remain at 1 Health. Additionally, he deducts 40  
from any experience points earned for the scenario. This penalty may not take  
experience earned below 0\.  
SPELL SHIELD  
If the bearer of this magic shield is the target of any spell that grants a Vontade roll to  
resist, he gains a \+3 to that Vontade roll. The shield only aids with the initial Vontade roll and  
does not help to shake off the effects of a successful spell in subsequent turns.  
STUNNING ARROW  
A target hit by this magic arrow takes damage as normal and must make an immediate  
Vontade roll with a Target Number of 20\. If it fails, it loses its next activation. The Vontade  
roll must be made whether or not the arrow actually caused damage.  
TRAPMASTER GLOVES  
These magic gloves give the wearer a \+3 when rolling against a Trap Number.  
TRUE NAME  
This is a fragment of the life-force of a major demon and can be used to forge a pact  
with that demon. (See the Forging Pacts)  
VAMPIRIC STAFF  
If a figure causes damage to an enemy while wielding this magic staff, he adds \+2 to his  
next Casting Roll. This bonus is only applied once, no matter how many successful  
strikes or how much damage is dealt before the next Casting Roll. This bonus may not  
be carried over between games.  
WRAITH ARROW  
When this magic arrow is fired, the shooter suffers no penalty for intervening terrain.  
Additionally, the target receives no bonus for being in cover. The target must still be in  
line of sight of the shooter.

Apotropaic Charm  
This charm, usually worn on a necklace, belt, or bracelet has the power to ward  
off curses. A figure carrying this charm is immune to Curse spells.  
Bloodfeast Sword  
When this item is found or purchased, the player may decide if it is a hand  
weapon or a two-handed weapon. Once the decision is made, it is fixed and  
may not be changed. This is a magic weapon that grants the wielder \+1 Fight  
and \+1 Vontade. However, every time this figure reduces an enemy to 0 Health,  
they suffer a cumulative \-2 Vontade penalty for the remainder of the game.  
Book of the Construct  
There are actually numerous different Books of the Construct, each giving  
instructions on how to build and animate a specific type of construct. When  
this item is found, the player should roll again on the table below to see which  
book they have found.  
Each of the statues had a blood-stained compartment, right where the heart  
would be.  
72  
A wizard with this book in their vault may use the Animate Construct spell  
to create the specified type of construct and add it to their warband. There  
are no modifiers to this roll for the size of the construct. The rules for each  
of these constructs is found in the bestiary. The bestiary entry states if the  
construct counts as a standard soldier or specialist soldier in the warband.  
All the constructs that can be created using the Book of the Construct are  
already modified and can receive no further modifications.  
If using the Black Market optional rules, the player may roll for the type of  
book available before deciding to buy it.  
Book of the Construct Table  
Die Roll Construct Type  
1–4 Blade-Dog  
5–8 Glass Man (Medium & Large)  
9–12 Candle-Jack (Medium & Large)  
13–16 Demonic Prison  
17–20 Construct of Burden  
Construct Battery  
This item can be stored and used while in a wizard’s vault. It has six points of  
power stored within it. Whenever a spellcaster is casting Animate Construct,  
regardless of the exact purpose of the spell, they may draw points of power  
from this device in the same way as using Health to empower a spell. Once  
these points of power are used up, they may not be replenished and the  
construct battery should be crossed off the wizard sheet.  
The cost and sale price listed for this item are for a fully charged battery. If  
selling a partially used battery, the sale price is 30 coroas x the number of power  
points remaining.  
Construct Key  
This magic key can only be carried by a spellcaster. The spellcaster gains \+4 on  
all rolls to Control Construct if the target construct is within 4”.  
Construct Patch  
This magic item usually takes the form of a lump of clay or extremely malleable  
metal. A figure within 1” of a friendly construct may spend an action and apply  
the patch, provided neither figure is in combat. The construct immediately  
regains up to 6 points of lost Health. If found or purchased, this item comes  
with two patches. Each patch takes up an item slot. If sold, the wizard receives  
50 coroas per patch.  
74  
Endless Tea Flask  
This highly sought-after magic item is filled with warm, fragrant, and delicious  
tea. If the flask is not full, it slowly refills itself. It takes about an hour for a  
completely empty flask to refill. A figure carrying this tea flask can spend an  
action (which can replace the move action) to take a drink. This drink heals 1  
point of damage and grants \+2 to all Vontade Rolls made by the figure from that  
point until their next activation. A figure may only take one drink from the  
flask during each activation.  
Hammer Talisman  
A figure carrying this talisman may cast the Elemental Hammer spell on a  
construct, even if that construct is not carrying or equipped with a weapon.  
75  
Heartsapper  
This fist-sized gem is designed to leach mystical energy from nearby constructs,  
rendering them less of a threat. All constructs within 3” of a figure carrying this  
item suffer \-1 Move, \-1 Fight, \-1 Vontade, and \-2 Damage in hand-to-hand combat.  
A construct only suffers the effects of one heartsapper, even if they are within  
3” of more than one.  
Invisibility Cloak  
Once per game, a figure wearing this cloak may activate it as a free action. Treat  
the figure as though an Invisibility spell has been cast upon it. This spell follows  
all the normal rules, including rules for how it is cancelled. This spell is  
immediately cancelled the next time this figure activates.  
Jumping Beans  
A figure carrying one of these beans may eat one as a free action. For the rest  
of their activation they may spend actions to jump up to their full movement  
allowance, including combining the distance by spending multiple actions, but  
still halved for carrying treasure. This jump can be vertical or horizontal, but  
count the actual distance travelled. If this jump leaves a figure above the  
ground, it Vontade fall to the ground, taking damage as normal.  
A figure may jump down and Vontade not take damage if the jump takes them  
all the way to the ground. If it does not, they take full damage for the entire  
distance that they fell.  
Jumping beans cannot be used by constructs, undead, animals, or demons.  
A figure which finds or purchases jumping beans receives five doses and can  
carry up to five doses in one item slot. If the beans are sold, the player receives  
25 coroas for each bean.  
Necklace of Protection  
Once per game, a figure wearing this necklace may spend an action to use it.  
The necklace creates a Circle of Protection, following all the same rules as for  
the spell. The one exception is that the player should not roll for the circle on  
the turn it is created, instead roll at the end of each subsequent turn. On a roll  
of 1–7 the circle is cancelled.  
76  
Orb of Mystic Fire  
Once per game, a figure carrying this orb may spend an action to throw it  
anywhere within 8”. If thrown at an enemy figure, make a \+3 elemental magic  
shooting attack against that figure. After the attack is resolved (or if there was  
no attack) place a magical fire token at the point of impact. Any figures that  
would be in contact with this token should be move the minimum distance  
required so that they are no longer in contact with it. If the orb was thrown at  
a figure that survived, the player controlling the figure that threw the orb can  
decide where exactly to place the figure.  
From this point on, the magical fire token follows the rules for magical fire  
found on page 44\.  
Quiver of Free Vontade  
The ammunition contained in this quiver has the power to break control spells.  
Whenever a figure is damaged by ammunition from this quiver, and that figure  
is under a control spell that makes it a temporary member of a warband, the  
control spell is immediately cancelled.  
Scattershot Comb  
The figure carrying this comb may spend one action to use it. Treat this figure  
as though they had just cast the Scattershot spell, even if they are not a  
spellcaster. The comb is destroyed when used and should be crossed off the  
Wizard Sheet.  
Staff of Turmoil  
Only a spellcaster can receive the full benefit of this magic staff, though anyone  
can carry it as a magic weapon. Whenever a spellcaster attempts to cast a spell,  
the player may declare that they are using the staff. The spellcaster gains \+1 to  
the Casting Roll but suffers \-1 Vontade for the rest of the game. This penalty is  
cumulative with all other Vontade penalties, including multiple uses of the staff of  
turmoil. Furthermore, if the spellcaster fails to cast a spell while using the staff,  
they suffer 1 point of damage in addition to any other damage they might have  
suffered.  
If the figure carrying the staff is ever reduced to a Vontade stat of less than 0,  
then they may no longer use the staff to influence casting rolls.  
77  
Sword of Power (1)  
This is a magical hand weapon that does \+1 Damage. In addition, it has one  
point of power in the same way as a staff/ring/orb of power. (See Frostgrave:  
Second Edition rulebook page 102\)  
T hundershaker  
This magical musical instrument summons thunderstorms. Once per game, a  
figure carrying the thundershaker may spend an action to activate it. From this  
point on, all bow, crossbow, and javelin attacks suffer a \-1 penalty for the rest  
of the game due to wind. (This penalty is not cumulative with any penalties  
imposed by the Call Storm spell). After a figure has used the thundershaker to  
call a storm, they can use it to make small electrical attacks against other  
figures. In this case, the figure may spend an action to make a \+1 elemental  
magic shooting attack against any figure within 8” and line of sight. However,  
if a natural 1 is rolled while making this attack, the figure carrying the  
thundershaker suffers 5 points of elemental magic damage instead. Increase  
this to 8 points of damage if the figure is wearing heavy armour.  
78  
Treasure Cloak  
If a figure wearing this cloak is carrying a treasure token and reaches a table  
edge where that token can be secured, the token is automatically secured, but  
the figure is allowed to stay on the table. A figure may only use the treasure  
cloak in this way once per scenario.  
Wallbreaker  
This magical needle, carved with tiny, intricate runes, has the power to destroy  
magical walls. Once per game, a figure carrying a wallbreaker can move straight  
through a magical wall (any wall created by the Wall spell). That wall is  
immediately removed from the table.

60  
BEASTSLAYER BLADE  
When this magic weapon is found or purchased, the player may choose if it is  
a hand weapon or two-handed weapon, but once the decision is made, it is  
fixed and cannot be changed. The wielder of this weapon gains \+1 Fight and  
\+2 damage whenever it is in combat with an animal. Whenever an animal is in  
multiple combat with this figure, it Vontade always attack this figure over any  
others.  
If a figure carrying this weapon is on the table and its warband picks up a  
treasure token, add \+1 to any rolls to check for random encounters that are  
made.  
ELEMENTAL WHIP  
This magic hand weapon can be used to make shooting attacks with a  
maximum range of 2”. When used to make a shooting attack, this weapon can  
do a maximum of 5 points of damage, which counts as elemental magic  
damage. This weapon has no maximum damage when used in melee.  
GLEAMING TRIDENT  
This magical weapon can be used as either a hand weapon or two-handed  
weapon. It does \+2 damage against animals and grants the figure carrying it the  
Amphibious trait (see Frostgrave, page 193).  
HEARTSEEKER BOW  
When this weapon is found or purchased, the player may decide if it is a bow  
or a crossbow, but once the decision is made it is fixed. This magical weapon  
does \+1 damage whenever it makes a shooting attack against an animal.  
HORN QUIVER  
This non-magical quiver, fashioned out of the horn of a woolly rhinoceros, can  
be used with either a bow or crossbow. It has been cleverly designed to hold a  
small repository of sticky poison in the bottom, that remains fresh. If a figure  
carrying this quiver does not take a move action during their activation but  
makes a shooting attack with either a bow or crossbow, that attack counts as  
poisoned. Alternatively, a figure carrying the quiver may spend 1 action (which  
can be a move action) to coat their next piece of ammunition in poison,  
meaning their next shooting attack Vontade automatically be poisonous.  
ICE AXE  
This is a magic hand weapon that does \+1 damage. In addition, a figure carrying  
this weapon receives \+3 on all terrain effects rolls.  
They are a pretty non-descript black bird, really, but their cry sounds exactly like ‘run,  
run, run’, which can be kind of unnerving…  
61  
MYSTICALLY-HONED LIGHT ARMOUR  
A figure wearing this armour gains \+4 to all Vontade Rolls to resist or overcome  
spells.  
MYSTICALLY-HONED HEAVY ARMOUR  
A figure wearing this armour gains \+4 to all Vontade Rolls to resist or overcome  
spells.  
PARRYING DAGGER  
If a figure carrying this magic dagger is not also carrying a two-handed weapon,  
staff, or shield, this figure always subtracts 1 from the amount of damage taken  
in melee combat.  
POLISHED SHIELD  
This magic shields gives the wearer \+2 Fight whenever it rolls against incoming  
shooting attacks. Additionally, if a figure carrying this shield is in combat with  
a creature with the Latch On ability, that ability is negated.  
RING OF STONESKIN  
This ring may not be worn by a figure wearing heavy armour. A figure wearing  
this ring gains \+1 Armour and the Rock-hard Skin trait (see page 93).  
SEALSKIN MAGIC ARMOUR  
This is a suit of Light Armour which also grants the wearer the Amphibious  
trait (see Frostgrave, page193)  
SNAKE STAFF  
This magic staff has \+1 Fight and all attacks with it are poisoned.  
62  
SPICED ARROWS  
These arrows have a little bag of finely powdered herbs attached that explodes  
on contact. A figure equipped with these arrows can always choose to fire a  
normal arrow or a spiced arrow. A spiced arrow does \-2 damage. If a spiced  
arrow hits the target, regardless of if it does damage, the target is covered in  
spice. Any uncontrolled animal within 12” and line of sight Vontade target this  
figure in preference to all others – moving toward and attacking where possible.  
If multiple figures are spiced, the uncontrolled animal Vontade move toward the  
closest.  
TRUE SIGHT ARROW  
This magic arrow gives \+1 Shoot and \+2 damage. In addition, it can be fired at  
an invisible figure, even if the shooter cannot ‘see’ invisible figures (though the  
target must still otherwise be in line of sight). This arrow can be recovered by  
the shooter after the game and used again in future games.  
TOUGHENED MAGICAL HEAVY ARMOUR  
In addition to the normal rules for Heavy Armour, a figure wearing this armour  
starts each game at \+1 Health, which can take it above its normal starting  
Health. This extra health is always the first point lost to damage. During a  
game, a figure may only be healed up to its actual Health stat, this extra point  
cannot be recovered during a game.  
TOUGHENED MAGICAL LIGHT ARMOUR  
In addition to the normal rules for Light Armour, a figure wearing this armour  
starts each game at \+1 Health, which can take it above its normal starting  
Health. This extra health is always the first point lost to damage. During a  
game, a figure may only be healed up to its actual Health stat, this extra point  
cannot be recovered during a game.  
63  
TOUGHENED MAGICAL ROBES  
These robes may only be worn by spellcasters or figures that don’t normally  
wear any armour. A figure wearing this armour starts each game at \+1 Health,  
which can take it above its normal starting Health. This extra health is always  
the first point lost to damage. During a game, a figure may only be healed up  
to its actual Health stat, this extra point cannot be recovered during a game.  
WARMING BLADE  
When this magic weapon is found or purchased, the player may choose if it is  
a hand weapon, two-handed weapon, or staff. Once the decision has been  
made, it is fixed. This magic weapon does \+1 damage and makes the figure  
immune to the effects of hypothermia. Additionally, if this figure is called upon  
to make any Vontade Rolls due to freezing weather, it passes them automatically.  
Wildwoods Magic Items  
Wildwoods Magic Item Table  
Die Roll Treasure Purchase Price Sale Price  
1 Bag of Snacks 100 coroas 80 coroas  
2 Animal Mind Leash 300 coroas 100 coroas  
3 Magical Rope Ladder 400 coroas 125 coroas  
4 Construct Cook 300 coroas 150 coroas  
5 Quiver of the Wind Goddess 300 coroas 125 coroas  
6 Heartshield Amulet 400 coroas 200 coroas  
7 Elemental Bear Trap 300 coroas 150 coroas  
8 Golden Wings 300 coroas 150 coroas  
9 Utility Boots 250 coroas 100 coroas  
10 Potion Bandolier 300 coroas 150 coroas  
11 Golden Mead 200 coroas 100 coroas  
12 Teleportation Collar 400 coroas 200 coroas  
13 Stinkweed Extract (4) 400 coroas 100 coroas  
14 Beartooth Talisman 600 coroas 200 coroas  
15 Glitter Dust 300 coroas 100 coroas  
16 Animal Whistle 400 coroas 150 coroas  
17 Demonic Talisman 600 coroas 200 coroas  
18 Locket of Broken Promises 500 coroas 250 coroas  
19 Book of Charts 400 coroas 200 coroas  
20 Talisman of Undead 600 coroas 200 coroas  
65  
ANIMAL MIND LEASH  
If a figure carrying this item wins a round of combat versus an uncontrolled  
animal, regardless of whether any damage is done, then it may clip the leash  
on the animal. This animal counts as a temporary member of the warband for  
the rest of the scenario. The leash does not work on animals that have Fight \+5  
or higher, or Vontade \+5 or higher. A player may only use this item once per game.  
ANIMAL WHISTLE  
This small gold whistle produces a note that is too high for people to hear but  
is seriously painful to animals. A figure may spend an action to blow this  
whistle. When blown, all animals within 12” must make a Vontade Roll (TN16). If  
the animal fails, it immediately moves 6” directly away from the whistle blower.  
If the animal is in combat, all of the figures it is in combat with must agree to  
let the animal move, otherwise it remains in combat. If an animal rolls a natural  
‘20’ for its Vontade Roll, it moves 6” directly toward the whistle blower and is  
immune to the effects of the whistle for the rest of the game. A figure may only  
blow this whistle once per turn.  
BAG OF SNACKS  
This bag contains a small snack. If this snack is eaten, another Vontade appear in  
the bag a few hours later. It’s enough food to keep a person alive, if not ‘well-  
fed’. A figure carrying this bag counts as having consumed 1sp after every  
game.  
BEARTOOTH TALISMAN  
This item may only be used by a spellcaster. If a spellcaster is carrying this item,  
they gain \+2 to all castings of Control Animal. In addition, the spellcaster is  
allowed to control 2 animals at the same time, instead of the normal limit of 1\.  
BOOK OF CHARTS  
This is a book of maps of the region surrounding Frostgrave, or at least what it  
used to look like in the ancient days. While much of the land has shifted and  
changed, it still sometimes provides clues on where you are or where you are  
going. A wizard who has a Book of Charts gains \+4 to the roll to decide who  
gets first pick for table edge deployment.  
CONSTRUCT COOK  
This is a modification that can be worked into any construct, that gives it a  
food storage area, cooking utensils, the ability to generate a cooking flame, and  
a limited number of tasty recipes it can follow. If a construct with this  
modification is in the warband, it may transport an additional \+10sp, and gains  
\+2sp after every scenario.  
If using the construct modification rules from Fireheart, this modification  
follows the normal rules but causes no modification penalty.  
66  
DEMONIC TALISMAN  
This item may only be used by a spellcaster. If a spellcaster is carrying this item,  
they gain \+2 to all castings of Control Demon. In addition, the spellcaster is  
allowed to control 2 demons at the same time, instead of the normal limit of 1\.  
ELEMENTAL BEAR TRAP  
A figure carrying this item may spend an action (which can replace a move  
action) to place it. Place a 1” diameter token adjacent to the figure, then move  
the figure away just slightly. Any figure that moves into contact with this token  
immediately suffers a \+6 elemental magic attack. Figures that can fly, or  
levitate, do not trigger the trap as they simply float over it. Once the trap has  
been triggered, remove it from the table. Whether or not the trap is triggered,  
it returns to the figure that placed it at the end of the game.  
GLITTER DUST  
This is a bag of strange glittering dust which forms a small cloud when  
deployed. A figure may use the glitter dust as a free action. This creates a 1”  
cloud of dust centred on the figure. Figures may not draw line of sight through  
the cloud. While a figure is in the cloud, it receives \+10 to all Fight Rolls made  
against shooting attacks. The cloud dissipates at the start of the next activation  
of the figure that used it. This is a single use item.  
67  
GOLDEN MEAD  
This is a large bottle of magical mead, made by the Fire Giants for use during  
long travels. This is a single use item. It can be stored in the wizard’s vault/  
transport and does not have to be carried by a figure. A warband may consume  
the mead before the game. If they do, every member of the warband gains \+1  
Vontade for the next scenario. In addition, after the scenario every figure in the  
warband counts as having consumed 1 supply point. This is a single use item.  
GOLDEN WINGS  
This golden cloak-clasp is decorated with a pair of intricately carved eagle wings.  
Once per game, when a figure is activated, it may activate the wings as a free  
action. For the rest of the turn, this figure counts as having the Flying trait.  
HEARTSHIELD AMULET  
This large magical amulet is designed to protect the wearer’s vital organs. If a  
figure wearing this amulet suffers a critical hit, roll a die. On a 1–10, nothing  
happens. On an 11+ the damage from the critical hit is reduced to 0 and the  
amulet is destroyed.  
LOCKET OF BROKEN PROMISES  
Once per game, a figure wearing this jewellery may choose to automatically  
pass a Vontade Roll they are called upon to make. If used, the player should roll a  
die. On a 1–5, the locket is destroyed after use. Otherwise, it can be used again  
in future games.  
MAGICAL ROPE LADDER  
While a figure is carrying this item, they are treated as having the Expert  
Climber trait (see Frostgrave, page 195). However, a figure may also place the  
ladder against a horizontal surface it is in contact with as a free action. In this  
case, place something to represent the ladder against the surface. Any figure  
may freely climb up and down the ladder with no movement penalty. The  
figure that placed the ladder may remove it by spending an action, provided  
that the figure is adjacent to the ladder and no other figures are currently on  
it. If the ladder is still on the table at the end of the game, it returns to the  
figure that placed it.  
It’s at a time like this, when we are stuck in a cage, expecting to be the next meal for a  
family of giants, that I grow nostalgic for the more ‘instant death’ kind of traps we generally  
encountered in Frostgrave…

successful, the circlet counteracts the poison. This ﬁgure is no longer  
suffering from poison but can be poisoned again later in the game.  
DANCING BLADE  
This magic hand weapon moves in a blur of speed that makes it very  
hard for an enemy to strike at an unprotected spot. The wielder gains  
\+1 Fight and enemy ﬁgures in combat with the wielder gain only \+1  
Fight for each supporting ﬁgure (instead of the normal \+2).  
GLITTER GLOVES  
These magic gloves produce on command a small stream of  
shimmering gold that can coat a target, causing them to glow. A ﬁgure  
wearing these gloves may spend an action to use these gloves on any  
ﬁgure within 4”. That ﬁgure counts as though a Glow spell had been  
cast upon them.  
GROUND MANAWORM TEETH  
This small vial contains the teeth of numerous manaworms, ground  
down into a ﬁne powder. A ﬁgure may spend an action to ingest this  
powder. As soon as it does, all spells currently active on it are  
dispelled. This is a one-use item and should be crossed off the Wizard  
Sheet after use.  
HORNED HELMET  
This large magic helmet features a pair of giant metal horns with razor  
sharp points on the top. A ﬁgure wearing this helmet suffers \-1 Vontade.  
When the wearer moves into combat and attacks during the same  
activation, it may choose to ﬁght with the helmet instead of its usual  
armament. If the ﬁgure does not move and attack in the same  
activation, this option is not available to it. When ﬁghting with the  
helmet, the ﬁgure gains \+2 Fight and ignores any bonuses or penalties  
from its usual weapon. If the ﬁgure loses the combat, however, it  
suffers an additional \+2 damage. Attacks made using the helmet count  
as being made by a magic weapon.  
MAGIC STAFF RING  
This simple-looking golden ring can be afﬁxed to any staff. Once  
attached, the staff counts as a magic weapon for the purposes of  
hand-to-hand combat. A staff with a magic staff ring attached only  
takes up one item slot.  
MINDSTONE (4)  
This crystal dodecahedron counts as an orb of power (Frostgrave  
rulebook, page 67\) except that it can only be used to empower  
soothsayer spells (or the Vontade Roll to resist soothsayer spells). It can be  
recharged with an orb plinth.  
NIMBLEWALK BOOTS  
A ﬁgure wearing these magic boots receives \+4 whenever it is called  
upon to make a Move Roll with a Target Number.  
ORB PLINTH  
This small plinth is designed to hold and recharge an orb of power  
(Frostgrave rulebook, page 67). Once found, the orb plinth should be  
stored in the wizard’s vault – it is never carried by a ﬁgure. If the  
wizard also possesses an orb of power that currently has less than 8  
points of charge (including 0\) he may leave the orb in his vault during  
a scenario. At the end of the scenario, he should roll on the Orb Plinth  
Table below.  
Orb Plinth Table  
Die Roll Result  
1 The orb cracks and is destroyed – cross it off the Wizard Sheet  
2–10 No effect  
11–20 The orb gains one point of power  
POTION OF PERSISTENCE  
A ﬁgure carrying this potion may drink it as a free action if it is ever  
reduced to 0 Health or less. The ﬁgure is not removed from the table  
but is left in place instead. That ﬁgure remains on the table for the  
next three turns and is free to activate as normal. After three turns, or  
if the ﬁgure takes any damage at all before then, it is removed from  
the table and must make a survival roll after the game as normal.  
RAT FLUTE  
A ﬁgure carrying the rat ﬂute may spend an action to play it. All giant  
rats within line of sight of the ﬁgure must pass an immediate Vontade Roll  
with a Target Number of 16 or lose their next activation.  
Furthermore, any rats that fail this Vontade Roll Vontade not force combat for  
the rest of the turn, and any ﬁgure in combat with one may move out  
of the combat if it so wishes. If any rat rolls a natural 20 on its Vontade  
Roll, it is enraged by the sound. It activates immediately and moves  
directly at the ﬁgure who played the rat ﬂute, attacking if it has the  
actions to do so. The rat may leave combat to make this move.  
REAVER’S SWORD  
This is a unique magic hand weapon that does \+2 damage.  
Furthermore, it gives the user \+1 Move if they are wearing mail  
armour. This may not take their total Move stat above 7\. This sword  
cannot be bought but can be sold for 250 coroas.  
RING OF COMMAND  
This large silver ring holds a sparkling violent amethyst and grants the  
wearer a very limited form of telepathy. It may only be worn by a  
wizard or apprentice. Once per game, when the wearer activates, the  
player may also activate one soldier from their warband, provided that  
they are within 12” of the wearer and has not previously activated in  
the turn. Furthermore, no other soldiers may be activated in that  
phase. The player may still choose the order in which the ﬁgures  
activate.  
SPELLCATCHER GLOVE  
If a ﬁgure wearing this glove is the target of a shooting attack  
generated by a spell, it may attempt to ‘catch’ the spell. The wearer  
should make an immediate Vontade Roll with a Target Number of 20\. If  
successful, the spell is caught and does no damage. The wearer may  
also attempt this if the target is a ﬁgure or point within 2”, but the  
Target Number is 22 in this case. If the wearer is a spellcaster, these  
Vontade Rolls may be empowered as per the rules for resisting a spell.  
Once the glove has been used to successful catch a spell, it may not  
be used again until the next game.  
SWORD OF WOUNDING AND HEALING  
This magic hand weapon has a \+1 damage modiﬁer. Furthermore, its  
pommel contains a draught of healing potion. The wielder of the  
sword can spend one action (which may replace the usually  
compulsory movement action) to consume this potion and heal up to  
2 points of lost Health. Between games, a wizard can sacriﬁce a potion  
of healing to replenish the sword. Note the sword can only ever be  
used to heal up to 2 points, and even though a potion of healing can  
restore up to 5 points of lost Health when used separately, it is  
completely used up in replenishing the sword.  
TYCO’S MAGIC BLOCK  
This appears to be a small wooden block, but when the command  
word is spoken, it expands into a large wooden wall. A ﬁgure carrying  
this item may spend an action to activate the block. Immediately  
place a wall on the table, as though the Wall spell had been cast. This  
wall must be in contact with the ﬁgure that used the block. This is a  
single-use item and should be crossed off the Wizard Sheet after it is  
used.  
VAMPIRIC CROSSBOW  
This wicked-looking magic crossbow features a spiked stock that  
gouges the shooter’s arm or shoulder when the weapon is ﬁred. When  
making a shooting attack with this crossbow, a ﬁgure may sacriﬁce  
some of its own blood to empower the crossbow. The ﬁgure  
immediately takes 2 points of damage, but the attack counts as a  
magic shooting attack that deals an additional \+1 damage on top of  
the usual crossbow damage modiﬁer (so \+3 damage in total).  
WHITESTAR DIAMOND  
These small magic diamonds are prized for their clarity and are often  
set into jewellery such as rings or necklaces. Whenever a ﬁgure is  
called upon to make a Vontade Roll, it may instead state that they are  
using the whitestar diamond. Instead of making the roll, the ﬁgure is  
considered to have rolled the minimum needed to succeed on the roll.  
In cases where the Vontade Roll doesn’t have a Target Number, the ﬁgure  
is considered to have rolled a 16\. Once used, the whitestar diamond is  
destroyed and should be removed from the Wizard Sheet.  
AMULET OF TRUE PATHS  
If the players are using the rules for secret passages, and a player has a  
tunnel fighter equipped with this item on the table, then the player may  
treat any initiative roll of 17–18 as a 19 for the purposes of the tunnel  
fighter discovering a secret passage.  
ARROW MAGNET  
A figure with an arrow magnet may use it as a free action. From this point  
until this figure next activates, all non-magic shooting attacks (against any  
target, not just this figure) are at \-4. A figure may only use an arrow  
magnet once per game.  
BACKPACK OF HEFTY HAULAGE  
This enchanted backpack may only be worn by a pack mule. It does not  
take up one of the pack mule’s three item slots, and grants the figure \+1  
Move, \+1 Fight, and \+2 Armour.  
BEARCLAW PENDANT  
If this enchanted pendant is worn by a tracker, he gains \+2 Fight when  
fighting an animal, and \+2 Shoot when shooting at an animal.  
BELT OF BLADE-BREAKING  
Any time a figure wearing this belt is damaged in hand-to-hand combat by  
a figure using a melee weapon, the wearer may roll one die. On 12+ the  
weapon used to cause damage is destroyed, and the figure counts as  
unarmed unless it is carrying an additional weapon. The weapon is  
replaced for free after the game. This item has no effect on magic  
weapons.  
I have really mixed feelings about fighting a construct made of gold crowns…  
BLACK PIPE  
The black pipe may only be used by a spellcaster. While smoking the black  
pipe, a spellcaster receives \-1 Vontade, but \+1 Fight when rolling against any  
shooting attack.  
BLADED STAFF OF FIRE  
This magic bladed staff may only be carried by a monk. It does an  
additional \+2 damage (so, a total damage modifier of \+3 and \-1 damage to  
enemy attacks).  
BLOODSTONE AMULET  
A figure wearing this amulet receives \+1 Health. If they are ever reduced  
to 0 Health, however, roll a die. On 15+ the Amulet is destroyed.  
BOOTS OF STANDFIRM  
Once per game, if the figure wearing these boots is pushed back in  
combat, or hit by a Push spell, they may choose to remain where they are  
standing.  
BOOK OF CHARITY  
Before any game, a wizard with at least one Thaumaturge spell may read  
from the Book of Charity. The wizard gains \+5 experience points after the  
game if he donates 20 coroas to a charitable cause. A wizard may not keep a  
Book of Murders and a Book of Charity in his vault at the same time.  
BOOK OF MURDERS  
Before any game, a wizard with at least one Necromancer spell may read  
from the Book of Murders. The wizard starts the game at \-1 Health, but  
gains \+5 experience points after the game. A wizard may not keep a Book  
of Murders and a Book of Charity in his vault at the same time.  
BOOK OF THE PENTANGLE  
If a wizard has a Book of the Pentangle in his vault, whenever he uses a  
scroll containing a Lost Magic spell, treat the Casting Roll of the spell as  
13 instead of the normal 12\. Additionally, every time the wizard sells a  
Lost Magic scroll he receives an extra 10 coroas.  
BRACERS OF TRUE FLIGHT  
These enchanted bracers can only be worn by a javelineer, and grant \+1  
Fight, \+1 Shoot, and \+1 Move.  
CONSTRUCT CROSSBOW  
This is a non-magic mechanical device that can be fitted to a construct. It  
is a special upgrade and does not count as an item. The construct may  
make one \+2 shooting attack per game as though it were carrying a  
crossbow (i.e. the attack has 24” range and does \+2 damage).  
CONSTRUCT VARNISH  
This is a one-use item that may be applied to any construct. That  
construct gains Elemental Resistance 2, meaning that its Armour is  
increased by 2 for the purposes of determining damage any time it is  
struck by an elemental attack. A construct can only benefit from one  
application of construct varnish.  
GEM HAMMER  
This is a small, enchanted jeweller’s hammer. It is useless as a weapon. If it  
is carried by a thief during a game, and that thief reaches the end of the  
game without being reduced to 0 Health, the warband gains an additional  
20 coroas.  
GLOVES OF THE PALADIN  
While wearing these gloves, any hand weapon wielded by the figure  
counts as magic for the purpose of damaging creatures that are immune to  
normal weapons.  
EYE OF MALCOR  
This magic glass eye can only be used by a character that has suffered the  
Lost Eye permanent injury. While equipped with the Eye of Malcor, the  
figure suffers no effects from this permanent injury and gains \+1 to all  
Shoot rolls. It does, however, begin each game with \-1 Health.  
FIREHELM  
This magic helm may only be worn by a figure capable of wearing mail  
armour. This figure receives \+1 Health.  
FLICKER STONE  
Once per game, a figure carrying a flicker stone may force combat with  
any figure that moves within 3” of it.  
INVISIBLE WIRE  
If the players are using the rules for traps, and a player has a trap expert  
carrying this item on the table, then the player may treat any initiative roll  
of a 2–4 as a 1 for the purposes of springing a trap. This does count as the  
one use per game of the trap expert’s special ability.  
KARMIC BELT  
If this magic belt is worn by a mystic warrior, it grants \+1 Move.  
LEASH ARROW  
When this item is found or bought, the player may choose if it is an arrow  
or a crossbow bolt. This choice, once made, is permanent. When the figure  
equipped with this arrow/bolt chooses to use it and successfully hits its  
target, regardless of whether or not it does damage, the target must make  
an immediate Fight Roll with a Target Number of 18\. If it fails, it is  
immediately pulled 8” directly towards the shooter.  
LYCANTHROPE SERUM  
A figure that drinks this potion is immediately replaced with a werewolf  
(Frostgrave rulebook, page 120). This werewolf still counts as part of the  
player’s warband for all intents and purposes, except that it can neither  
pick up nor secure treasure. The figure cannot use or be given items, and  
any it was carrying prior to its transformation are returned to it at the end  
of the game. After the game, the figure reverts to normal. If the figure was  
not reduced to 0 Health during the game, it must still make a survival roll,  
but with a \+2 modifier.  
What am I supposed to do with a jar of powdered gnoll?  
MIRACLE STONE  
Whenever a figure carrying a miracle stone takes damage, they may choose  
to roll a die. On a 20, the stone absorbs all of the damage and is destroyed,  
with the bearer suffering no damage. On any other result, the figure takes  
the damage as normal, but the stone is unharmed.  
MIND LOCK RING  
This magic ring makes the wearer immune to Mind Control spells. It  
cannot be worn by undead or demons.  
PARTIALLY GNAWED GRIMOIRE  
If the wizard chooses to try and study this grimoire, he may roll four times  
on the Random Spell Table, and choose the result he wants. The item now  
counts as a grimoire for that spell. If two of the rolls are the same,  
however, the partially gnawed grimoire is destroyed and the wizard learns  
nothing. If three or more rolls are the same, the grimoire is destroyed and  
the wizard suffers an immediate permanent injury.  
PORTER CONTROL ROD  
If a wizard has a porter control rod in his vault and ends a game with a  
Collegium porter under his control, he may add it to his warband. The  
porter takes the place of a soldier.  
POTION BAG  
A potion bag takes up one item slot, but can hold two potions. This allows  
a figure to carry two potions using one item slot.  
RING OF FOG FORM  
Once per game, the wearer of this ring may activate it as a free action  
during their activation. For the rest of that activation, they may ignore  
movement penalties for terrain, including climbing, and no figure may  
force combat with them. However, the wearer may not attack any other  
figure or pick up treasure, and if the figure was carrying treasure, it is  
dropped at the point at which the ring was activated.  
RING CHAIN  
This small chain allows a figure to wear two magic rings, instead of the one  
normally allowed. The ring chain itself does not take up an item slot, but  
should be listed after the rings in the item slots. A figure wearing a ring  
chain may not also wear an amulet.  
SANDALWOOD BRACE  
A figure wearing this brace suffers no movement penalty from having the  
Smashed Leg permanent injury. In addition, should a figure wearing this  
brace roll Smashed Leg on the Permanent Injury Table, that result is  
ignored and no permanent injury is suffered.  
amulet of tHe GHoul KinG  
This is a rare artefact that may only be obtained by playing the Lair of the Ghoul  
King scenario, or by trading for it from a player who got it by those means. It may  
not be purchased, but it may be sold for 500 coroas. The Amulet of the Ghoul King  
gives the wearer a \+1 to all Vontade rolls. Furthermore, it grants a \+2 to the casting  
roll when casting Control Undead on a ghoul. Finally, if the wearer successfully  
casts a Raise Zombie spell Out of Game, then a ghoul may be added to his  
warband in place of a zombie. The warband may still only have one zombie or  
ghoul in the warband at any one time.  
BooK of Bones  
Only a wizard may use this magical text. Following the instructions contained  
within this volume, a wizard may use the Raise Zombie spell to create an animated  
skeleton instead. The wizard simply casts cast Raise Zombie in the normal way, but  
instead of a zombie, a skeleton is added to the warband. If this spell is successfully  
cast Out of Game, the wizard has the option of paying 30 coroas to upgrade the  
skeleton to an armoured skeleton. The warband may still only contain one zombie,  
skeleton, or armoured skeleton at any one time. The wizard does not need to be  
carrying the book to use this ability, it may be stored in his vault.  
47  
BooK of tHe RanGifeR  
This non-magical book is the most complete text ever written about the rangifer  
and covers their physiognomy, culture, and what little of their history is known.  
It also includes a large section on their language, providing the basics for human–  
rangifer communication. A wizard that possesses a Book of the Rangifer may  
include one rangifer (see Bestiary, p.57) in his warband at a cost of 100 coroas. The  
rangifer takes the place of a soldier and is treated in all respects as a soldier and  
not as a creature. As rangifers hate the undead, they Vontade not serve in a warband  
that includes these creatures. A wizard with a rangifer in his warband may take  
temporary control of an undead creature during a game, but if any undead are a  
part of the warband either before or  
after a game, the rangifer Vontade leave and  
should be removed from the warband. A  
wizard does not have to actually carry  
the Book of the Rangifer in order to  
have a rangifer in his warband – it may  
be stored in his vault.  
Boots of leapinG  
A figure wearing these magical boots may use an action to make one special  
‘leap’ move per turn. The distance of this leap Vontade be equal to the figure’s  
normal available movement for any given action (so a model that leaps on a first  
action could travel up to his Move, while one that moves and then leaps would  
only be able to cover a distance of half his Move). A leap ignores any penalty for  
rough terrain, and may be used to jump across gaps, without any run up. It can  
also be used to move vertically, either to scale terrain or to clear it. If climbing,  
the usual half-movement penalty is not applied. The boots, do not, however,  
provide any help with landing. Any character that leaps and lands on a surface  
more than 3” lower than their start point Vontade be subject to damage for falling.  
cluB of BatteRinG  
This large mace counts as a two-handed weapon. It gives the wielder \+1 Fight in  
hand-to-hand combat. In addition, should the wielder win a fight, he may choose  
to push his opponent back 3” instead of the usual 1”.  
cRystal Rose  
Back in the days of Felstad, healers used to leave Crystal Roses on the bodies of  
those who had been critically injured, in the hopes that these magical flowers  
would absorb their wounds. Today, they are extremely rare. A figure that is  
carrying a Crystal Rose may re-roll his survival roll after a game, but the second  
roll must stand, and the Crystal Rose is destroyed. Undead, constructs, and  
demons may not use a Crystal Rose.  
…It was a perfect cube, five stories high. No  
doors or windows, just hundreds of these  
holes about the size of your fist. Out of some  
of the holes, honey was dripping…  
48  
daRK cauldRon  
Although listed as a magic item here, the Dark Cauldron really functions as an  
addition to a wizard’s base. A wizard must have an established base to use the  
item. The Dark Cauldron provides a \+1 to all Create Zombie and Revenant  
spells cast Out of Game. The Dark Cauldron cannot be purchased but may be  
sold for 250 coroas.  
eyes of amoto  
This is a set of two amulets, one to be worn by a spellcaster, and one to be worn  
by any other member of the warband. Each amulet takes up an item slot for the  
models carrying them. Once per game, the spellcaster wearing one of Eyes of  
Amoto may use the line-of-sight of the other bearer when casting a spell. If two  
spellcasters are wearing the amulets, either may cast a spell using the other to  
draw line-of-sight, but the Eyes of Amoto can still only be used once per game.  
An amulet only works when used with its specific mate – if one amulet is lost,  
the other becomes useless. If a warband has more than one set of Eyes of Amoto,  
it must indicate which models have which set.  
f iRe HeaRt Gemstone  
This rare, magical gemstone can only be obtained by playing the The House of  
Longreach scenario or by trading for it from a player who obtained it by those  
means. It cannot be purchased but may be sold for 400 coroas. If the gemstone is  
carried by a spellcaster, he may transfer to the gemstone up to 3 points of damage  
he suffers from an attack, and must declare that he is doing so as soon as the  
damage is taken. The spellcaster may use the gemstone as many times as he  
wishes during a game, but must keep track of the total damage transferred – if,  
at any point, 5 or more points of damage are transferred to the gemstone in a  
single game, the gem is destroyed.  
GRimoiRe of tHe Homunculus  
This grimoire contains the spell Homunculus (see p.39). A wizard in possession  
of the grimoire may learn the spell in the normal way. A Grimoire of the  
Homunculus may not be purchased – it must be discovered by rolling on the  
Lich Lord treasure table. Surplus copies of the grimoire may be sold as usual  
(Frostgrave, p.69).  
GRimoiRe of licHdom  
This grimoire contains the spell Lichdom (see p.40). A wizard in possession  
of the grimoire may learn the spell in the normal way. Most people consider  
such books to be extremely evil tomes, and a player may choose to destroy  
the grimoire and immediately gain 50 experience points. A Grimoire of  
Lichdom may not be purchased – it must be discovered by rolling on the Lich  
Lord treasure table. Surplus copies of the grimoire may be sold as usual  
(Frostgrave, p.69).  
49  
GRimoiRe of tHe Revenant  
This grimoire contains the spell Revenant (see p.43). A wizard in possession of  
the grimoire may learn the spell in the normal way. A Grimoire of the Revenant  
may not be purchased – it must be discovered by rolling on the Lich Lord  
treasure table. Surplus copies of the grimoire may be sold as usual (Frostgrave,  
p.69).  
HoRn of Hellf iRe  
This small ivory horn is covered in arcane sigils that glow faintly as though lit by  
an internal fire. Once per game, the bearer may use an action to blow the horn  
and make a \+5 magic shooting attack against one target in line-of-sight and  
within 24".  
50  
ivoRy scRoll  
This is a flat piece of ivory, about the size of a man’s hand, with a spell etched  
into its surface. When it is found, roll randomly to see what spell is holds  
(Frostgrave, p.60). The Ivory Scroll functions as a scroll with the following  
exceptions. It may be used once per game. After it is used, roll a die. On a 19 or  
20, the Ivory Scroll cracks and is destroyed. On any other result, it survives the  
casting and can be used again the next game. An Ivory Scroll may be sold for  
200 coroas, but can never be purchased.  
maGic spectacles  
These Magic Spectacles appear to be a normal set of eyeglasses. The lenses offer  
no magnification, but they do allow the wearer to see things that are otherwise  
invisible. For game purposes, a figure that is wearing Magic Spectacles can see  
any figure currently under an Invisibility spell and may target that figure as any  
other. Should a figure with Magic Spectacles ever roll ‘Lost Eye’ on the permanent  
injury table, the Magic Spectacles are destroyed.  
QuiveR of tHe soul seeKeR  
This is a magic quiver that imbues any arrows it holds with the power to strike  
down ethereal undead and other restless spirits. Any bow or crossbow attack  
made by a model carrying this quiver counts as a magic attack.  
RinG of life  
A figure wearing this ring receives \+1 Fight and \+1 Armour whenever he is in  
combat with an undead creature. In addition, all of his hand-to-hand attacks  
against undead creatures are considered to be magic attacks, even if the figure is  
not armed with a magic weapon.  
scaRf of oBscuRance  
This long scarf, which can be found in a variety of colours, makes the wearer less  
distinct when viewed from a distance, and thus harder to target. The wearer  
receives \+1 to his Fight rolls when rolling against any form of shooting attack.  
swoRd of undead slayinG  
This magic sword grants a bonus of \+3 Fight to its wielder when fighting an  
undead creature. It offers no bonus against other creatures, but does count as a  
magic weapon.  
51  
unBReaKaBle oRB  
This is a small glass orb, filled with swirling colours. Once per game, a figure may  
activate the Unbreakable Orb, which surrounds the figure in an invisible,  
impenetrable shield. Activating the orb can only be done during the bearer’s  
activation, but does not require the expenditure of an action. The shield lasts until  
the figure’s next activation, and while it lasts the figure may not move, attack,  
shoot, force combat, cast spells, or draw line-of-sight to anything. It can pick up  
treasure if it is already in base contact with it. At the same time, no other figure  
may move into combat with the figure, nor target it with any kind of shooting  
attack or spell. Line-of-sight may not be drawn to a figure with an active shield.  
A figure may activate an Unbreakable Orb while in combat. In that case, this figure  
is no longer considered to be in combat,  
nor is any other figure considered in  
combat with it, though the figures remain  
in base-to-base contact. The figures Vontade  
revert to being in combat if they are still  
in base-to-base contact when the figure  
with the orb is next activated.  
vampiRe Blade  
This magic sword gives no bonus to Fight or damage. However, whenever the  
wielder damages a living opponent in combat (i.e. causes any amount of Health  
loss) he regains 2 points of lost Health. This may not take the wielder over his  
starting Health. Undead and constructs do not count as ‘living opponents’.  
vial of staRliGHt  
This small glass vial contains a silver liquid that glows faintly at all times. The vial  
can be used to empower spells from the Thaumaturge school. It has 10 points of  
power that can be used at different times, but once they are all used the vial  
becomes worthless. Contrary to the normal rules for empowering spells, the Vial  
of Starlight can be used to empower Thaumaturge spells Out of Game.  
wRaitHBottle  
The Wraithbottle is a small bottle containing a swirling black mist. By spending  
an action, a figure may throw the bottle at any target within line-of-sight and  
10”. The bottle breaks on impact and a wraith is released (Frostgrave, p.112). This  
wraith follows all of the normal rules for creatures. If the wraith is still around at  
the end of the game, it vanishes into the ruins of Frostgrave. This item is destroyed  
when used.

lich lord treasure table  
d20 roll Item Purchase Price  
1 Wraithbottle 200 coroas  
2 Magic Spectacles 250 coroas  
3 Sword of Undead Slaying 300 coroas  
4 Horn of Hellfire 400 coroas  
5 Vampire Blade 300 coroas  
6 Quiver of the Soul Seeker 300 coroas  
7 Boots of Leaping 250 coroas  
8 Eyes of Amoto 300 coroas  
9 Ring of Life 400 coroas  
10 Unbreakable Orb 300 coroas  
11 Ivory Scroll –  
12 Scarf of Obscurance 350 coroas  
13 Vial of Starlight (10) 600 coroas  
14 Crystal Rose 400 coroas  
15 Club of Battering 300 coroas  
16 Book of Bones 500 coroas  
17 Book of the Rangifer 300 coroas  
18 Grimoire of the Revenant –  
19 Grimoire of the Homunculus –  
20 Grimoire of Lichdom –

Maze of Malcor Treasure Table  
First Die Roll Second Die Roll Result Purchase Price  
1–10 1 Scroll Case 150 coroas  
2 Potion Bag 150 coroas  
3 Wand of Casting (10) 400 coroas  
4 Firehelm 400 coroas  
5 Construct Crossbow 250 coroas  
6 Wand of Lost Magic (3) 400 coroas  
7 Mind Lock Ring 500 coroas  
8 Timelash Ring 400 coroas  
9 Miracle Stone 500 coroas  
10 Lycanthrope Serum 400 coroas  
11 Arrow Magnet 100 coroas  
12 Belt of Blade-breaking 300 coroas  
13 Gem Hammer 100 coroas  
14 Eye of Malcor 300 coroas  
15 Invisible Wire 200 coroas  
16 Troll Shackles 500 coroas  
17 Bearclaw Pendant 250 coroas  
18 Ring of Fog Form 350 coroas  
19 Boots of Standfirm 300 coroas  
20 Sky Gondola 1000 coroas  
11–20 1 Bloodstone Amulet 100 coroas  
2 Sickle of the Crowmaster 300 coroas  
3 Construct Varnish 250 coroas  
4 Karmic Belt 250 coroas  
5 Leash Arrow 100 coroas  
6 Bracers of True Flight 300 coroas  
7 Black Pipe 250 coroas  
8 Sandalwood Brace 200 coroas  
9 Gloves of the Paladin 200 coroas  
10 Backpack of Hefty Haulage 300 coroas  
11 Porter Control Rod 300 coroas  
12 Ring Chain 250 coroas  
13 Amulet of True Paths 300 coroas  
14 Partially Gnawed Grimoire 300 coroas  
15 Tookroot (5) 100 coroas  
16 Bladed Staff of Fire 350 coroas  
17 Book of Murders 350 coroas  
18 Flicker Stone 400 coroas  
19 Book of Charity 350 coroas  
20 Book of the Pentangle 1000 coroas

Blood Legacy Treasure Table  
Die Roll Treasure Purchase Price Sale Price  
1 Misticene Quiver 350 coroas 175 coroas  
2 Dancing Dagger 500 coroas 200 coroas  
3 Ring of Foresight 500 coroas 250 coroas  
4 Planebreaker Hammer 500 coroas 200 coroas  
5 Magic Dog Whistle 300 coroas 125 coroas  
6 Balancing Staff 200 coroas 100 coroas  
7 Shield of the Paladin 400 coroas 150 coroas  
8 Ring of Recall 450 coroas 200 coroas  
9 Ring Sabre 550 coroas 260 coroas  
10 Spitfire Wand 400 coroas 150 coroas  
11 Firefairy 200 coroas 75 coroas  
12 Living Quill 400 coroas 150 coroas  
13 Obliteration Orb 400 coroas 150 coroas  
14 Demonic Vessel 500 coroas 220 coroas  
15 Shielding Pendant 300 coroas 150 coroas  
16 Staff of Radiance 400 coroas 175 coroas  
17 Winged Bracelet 300 coroas 150 coroas  
18 Two-headed Wand 300 coroas 150 coroas  
19 Falconeye Mask 300 coroas 150 coroas  
20 Devouring Skull Ring 400 coroas 200 coroas

Fireheart Treasure Table  
Die Roll Magic Item Purchase Price Sale Price  
1 Hammer Talisman 200 coroas 120 coroas  
2 Heartsapper 250 coroas 150 coroas  
3 Staff of Turmoil 500 coroas 200 coroas  
4 Quiver of Free Vontade 300 coroas 175 coroas  
5 Jumping Beans (5) 200 coroas 125 coroas  
6 Construct Battery 360 coroas 180 coroas  
7 Orb of Mystic Fire 300 coroas 140 coroas  
8 Scattershot Comb 300 coroas 100 coroas  
9 Endless Tea Flask 300 coroas 300 coroas  
10 Invisibility Cloak 600 coroas 300 coroas  
11 Sword of Power (1) 400 coroas 200 coroas  
12 Construct Key 450 coroas 225 coroas  
13 Wallbreaker 300 coroas 100 coroas  
14 Bloodfeast Sword 500 coroas 200 coroas  
15 Treasure Cloak 400 coroas 150 coroas  
16 Thundershaker 450 coroas 180 coroas  
17 Necklace of Protection 300 coroas 150 coroas  
18 Construct Patch (2) 150 coroas 100 coroas  
19 Apotropaic Charm 300 coroas 120 coroas  
20 Book of the Construct 300 coroas 150 coroas

Maze of Malcor Treasure Table  
First Die Roll Second Die Roll Result Purchase Price  
1–10 1 Scroll Case 150 coroas  
2 Potion Bag 150 coroas  
3 Wand of Casting (10) 400 coroas  
4 Firehelm 400 coroas  
5 Construct Crossbow 250 coroas  
6 Wand of Lost Magic (3) 400 coroas  
7 Mind Lock Ring 500 coroas  
8 Timelash Ring 400 coroas  
9 Miracle Stone 500 coroas  
10 Lycanthrope Serum 400 coroas  
11 Arrow Magnet 100 coroas  
12 Belt of Blade-breaking 300 coroas  
13 Gem Hammer 100 coroas  
14 Eye of Malcor 300 coroas  
15 Invisible Wire 200 coroas  
16 Troll Shackles 500 coroas  
17 Bearclaw Pendant 250 coroas  
18 Ring of Fog Form 350 coroas  
19 Boots of Standfirm 300 coroas  
20 Sky Gondola 1000 coroas  
11–20 1 Bloodstone Amulet 100 coroas  
2 Sickle of the Crowmaster 300 coroas  
3 Construct Varnish 250 coroas  
4 Karmic Belt 250 coroas  
5 Leash Arrow 100 coroas  
6 Bracers of True Flight 300 coroas  
7 Black Pipe 250 coroas  
8 Sandalwood Brace 200 coroas  
9 Gloves of the Paladin 200 coroas  
10 Backpack of Hefty Haulage 300 coroas  
11 Porter Control Rod 300 coroas  
12 Ring Chain 250 coroas  
13 Amulet of True Paths 300 coroas  
14 Partially Gnawed Grimoire 300 coroas  
15 Tookroot (5) 100 coroas  
16 Bladed Staff of Fire 350 coroas  
17 Book of Murders 350 coroas  
18 Flicker Stone 400 coroas  
19 Book of Charity 350 coroas  
20 Book of the Pentangle 1000 coroas

Mortal Enemies Treasure Table  
Die Roll Treasure Purchase Price Sale Price  
1 Cloak of Many Vials 1,600 coroas 700 coroas  
2 Cold Iron Armour 400 coroas 200 coroas  
3 Lifesurge Pendant 350 coroas 175 coroas  
4 Murderer’s Blade 500 coroas 300 coroas  
5 Skeleton Sack (2) 400 coroas 200 coroas  
6 Holy Candle 400 coroas 150 coroas  
7 Dust of Vanishment (2) 300 coroas 150 coroas  
8 The Duellist’s Net 400 coroas 150 coroas  
9 Golden Scroll Sheet (2) 300 coroas 150 coroas  
10 Crystal Sphere (6) 600 coroas 120 coroas  
11 Ring of Focus 500 coroas 200 coroas  
12 Amulet of Atunement 600 coroas 200 coroas  
13 Gem of Darklight 300 coroas 150 coroas  
14 Arrow of Splitflight 250 coroas 100 coroas  
15 Iridescent Pendant 600 coroas 250 coroas  
16 Staff of Wilful Ignorance 800 coroas 250 coroas  
17 Flail Tail 200 coroas 50 coroas  
18 Barbarian’s Cloak 400 coroas 250 coroas  
19 Bat-eye Brooch 350 coroas 150 coroas  
20 Bag of Rat’s Teeth 500 coroas 200 coroas

Red King Treasure Table  
Die Roll 1 Die Roll 2 Result Purchase Price Sale Price  
1-10 1 Lantern of Holy Light 350 coroas 150 coroas  
2 Cloak of Tattered Shadows 300 coroas 100 coroas  
3 Golden Incunabula 400 coroas 150 coroas  
4 The Feather Blade 400 coroas 150 coroas  
5 Talisman of Speed 200 coroas 100 coroas  
6 Armring of Strength 200 coroas 50 coroas  
7 Mask of Many Faces 250 coroas 100 coroas  
8 Dazzling Cape 300 coroas 100 coroas  
9 Blood Beetle 250 coroas 75 coroas  
10 Quiver of the Hunter 200 coroas 75 coroas  
11 Bronze Star of the Apprentice 200 coroas 50 coroas  
12 Mind Lock Collar 200 coroas 50 coroas  
13 Lightning Brooch 225 coroas 100 coroas  
14 Mindguard Shield 350 coroas 150 coroas  
15 Icon of the Sun 200 coroas 75 coroas  
16 Enchanted Scroll Wax (6) 210 coroas 60 coroas  
17 Slippery Boots 200 coroas 50 coroas  
18 Potion Drinker Staff 250 coroas 120 coroas  
19 Bottle Imp 300 coroas 175 coroas  
20+ Artefact X X  
11-20 1 Enchanted Teetotum 400 coroas 100 coroas  
2 Sticky Finger Gloves 300 coroas 50 coroas  
3 Enchanted Vials (6) 210 coroas 60 coroas  
4 Gutter Flail 300 coroas 100 coroas  
5 Hypnotic Puppet 200 coroas 65 coroas  
6 Lifelong Plant 500 coroas 200 coroas  
7 Surefoot Boots 200 coroas 50 coroas  
8 Golden Fangs (6) 120 coroas 90 coroas  
9 Bracelet of Vigour 400 coroas 150 coroas  
10 Amulet of Elemental Energy Absorption 400 coroas 150 coroas  
11 Mantle of the Bear (or Leopard) 350 coroas 200 coroas  
12 Construct Spikes 200 coroas 50 coroas  
13 Burning Icon 250 coroas 125 coroas  
14 Extended Scroll 200 coroas 150 coroas  
15 Book of the Foulhorn 300 coroas 100 coroas  
16 Ivory Hand 250 coroas 120 coroas  
17 Ring of Elemental Fire 220 coroas 140 coroas  
18 Ice-Crystal Pin 300 coroas 100 coroas  
19 Book of Wisdom 500 coroas 150 coroas  
20+ Artefact X X

Forgotten Pacts Treasure Table  
d20 roll Item Purchase Price  
1 Shroud of Foresight 500 coroas  
2 Ring of Restoration 300 coroas  
3 Robes of Faith 400 coroas  
4 Spell Shield 400 coroas  
5 Giant Slayer Blade 300 coroas  
6 Smoke Bomb 100 coroas  
7 Null Blade 250 coroas  
8 Piercing Stiletto 300 coroas  
9 Silver Star Pendant 350 coroas  
10 Executioner's Blade 400 coroas  
11 Golem Flesh 200 coroas  
12 Ring of Focus 200 coroas  
13 Ring of Transference 300 coroas  
14 Crossbow of Force 200 coroas  
15 Trapmaster Gloves 200 coroas  
16 Soul Shield Pendant 300 coroas  
17 Vampiric Staff 300 coroas  
18 True Name –  
19 Amulet of the Stone Heart 600 coroas  
20 Magic Ammunition (roll on the Magic Ammunition Table) –  
Whenever a player rolls for magic ammunition, that player may decide whether the  
item found is an arrow or a crossbow bolt. Once the decision is made, it may not be  
changed. In either case, the item is a one-use item that takes up an item slot.  
Magic Ammunition Table  
d20 roll Ammunition Purchase Price  
1–4 Wraith Arrow 100 coroas  
5–8 Arrow of Demon Slaying 100 coroas  
9–12 Stunning Arrow 100 coroas  
13–16 Arrow of Piercing 100 coroas  
17–20 Soulseeker Arrow 100 coroas
